README.md, before:

# AdminPlus - Dynamics 365 Developer Tools

A comprehensive toolkit for Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM administrators and developers.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
AdminPlus/
├── CRMDevTools.js          # Main entry point - loads all tools
├── utils/                  # Shared utility functions
│   ├── api.js             # Dynamics 365 API functions (fetch users, roles, teams, etc.)
│   └── ui.js              # UI helpers (dialogs, popups, loading indicators)
├── tools/                  # Individual tool modules
│   ├── advancedFind.js    # Advanced Find Classic & REST Builder
│   ├── entityInfo.js      # Entity & field information display
│   ├── fieldsControl.js   # Unlock fields & show hidden items
│   ├── showLogicalNames.js # Display logical names for tabs/sections/fields
│   ├── dirtyFields.js     # Show modified fields on form
│   ├── copySecurity.js    # Copy security from one user to another
│   ├── assignSecurity.js  # Assign security (BU, Teams, Roles) to users
│   ├── securityOperations.js # Backend security operations (associate/disassociate)
│   └── dateCalculator.js  # Business day calculator with holiday schedules
└── styles/                 # Stylesheets
    ├── common.css         # Shared styles (popups, buttons, layouts)
    └── tools.css          # Tool-specific styles

```

## 🚀 Features

### 1. Advanced Find Classic
- Opens the classic Advanced Find interface
- REST Builder launcher
- User Provision tool access

### 2. Entity Information
- View entity logical/plural names
- Display all fields with types
- Show current record ID

### 3. Field Controls
- **Unlock All Fields**: Make read-only fields editable
- **Show Hidden Items**: Reveal hidden tabs, sections, controls

### 4. Show Logical Names
- Display logical names instead of display names
- Works on tabs, sections, fields
- Shows OptionSet values with IDs

### 5. Dirty Fields Detector
- Identifies modified fields on forms
- Shows both display and logical names

### 6. User Security Management

#### Copy Security
- Side-by-side user comparison
- One-click security profile copying
- Copies Business Unit, Teams, and Roles

#### Assign Security
- Change Business Unit
- Add/Remove Teams (Owner/Access types)
- Add/Remove Security Roles
- Granular control with checkboxes

### 7. Date Calculator
- Calculate business days between dates
- Add days to a date (excluding weekends/holidays)
- Holiday schedule integration
- Interactive calendar view

## 🔧 Installation

### Option 1: Bookmarklet
1. Create a new bookmark in your browser
2. Paste the following as the URL:
```javascript
javascript:(function(){var s=document.createElement('script');s.src='https://atisehat.github.io/AdminPlus/CRMDevTools.js';document.body.appendChild(s);})();
```
3. Click the bookmark while on a Dynamics 365 page

### Option 2: Browser Console
1. Open Developer Console (F12)
2. Paste the following and press Enter:
```javascript
var s=document.createElement('script');s.src='https://atisehat.github.io/AdminPlus/CRMDevTools.js';document.body.appendChild(s);
```

## 🔐 Security

- Only accessible to System Administrators
- Additional user whitelist support
- Prevents users from modifying their own security

## 🛠️ Technical Details

**Technologies:**
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Dynamics 365 Web API (v9.2)
- Xrm.WebApi / Xrm.Page APIs
- FetchXML for queries
- Pure CSS (no frameworks)

**Architecture:**
- Modular design with separated concerns
- Async/await for API calls
- Event-driven popup system
- Dynamic script loading

## 📝 Development

### File Organization
- **utils/**: Reusable functions shared across tools
- **tools/**: Individual feature implementations
- **styles/**: Separated CSS for maintainability

### Adding a New Tool
1. Create new file in `tools/` directory
2. Add tool-specific CSS to `styles/tools.css`
3. Load script in `CRMDevTools.js`
4. Add button/menu item in main popup

## 📄 License

Internal use only - VHA Organization

## 👤 Author

Atiq Sehat

Commit message:

Add version numbering system (v2.0.0)
- Created version.js with semantic versioning (major.minor.patch)
- Version badge now displays in main popup header (top-right)
- Version info logged to browser console on load
- Added CHANGELOG.md for tracking version history
- Added UPDATE_VERSION.md with instructions for version management
- Updated README.md to reference version system
- Updated CRMDevTools.js to load version.js and display version badge

Users will now see the current version (e.g., 'v2.0.0') in the popup,
making it easy to verify they're using the latest version after updates.

README.md, after:

# AdminPlus - Dynamics 365 Developer Tools

A comprehensive toolkit for Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM administrators and developers.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
AdminPlus/
├── CRMDevTools.js          # Main entry point - loads all tools
├── utils/                  # Shared utility functions
│   ├── api.js             # Dynamics 365 API functions (fetch users, roles, teams, etc.)
│   └── ui.js              # UI helpers (dialogs, popups, loading indicators)
├── tools/                  # Individual tool modules
│   ├── advancedFind.js    # Advanced Find Classic & REST Builder
│   ├── entityInfo.js      # Entity & field information display
│   ├── fieldsControl.js   # Unlock fields & show hidden items
│   ├── showLogicalNames.js # Display logical names for tabs/sections/fields
│   ├── dirtyFields.js     # Show modified fields on form
│   ├── copySecurity.js    # Copy security from one user to another
│   ├── assignSecurity.js  # Assign security (BU, Teams, Roles) to users
│   ├── securityOperations.js # Backend security operations (associate/disassociate)
│   └── dateCalculator.js  # Business day calculator with holiday schedules
└── styles/                 # Stylesheets
    ├── common.css         # Shared styles (popups, buttons, layouts)
    └── tools.css          # Tool-specific styles

```

## 📌 Current Version

**Version**: 2.0.0 (See `version.js` for details)  
**Last Updated**: November 17, 2024  
**Changelog**: See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for version history

The version number is displayed in the top-right corner of the main popup.

---

## 🚀 Features

### 1. Advanced Find Classic
- Opens the classic Advanced Find interface
- REST Builder launcher
- User Provision tool access

### 2. Entity Information
- View entity logical/plural names
- Display all fields with types
- Show current record ID

### 3. Field Controls
- **Unlock All Fields**: Make read-only fields editable
- **Show Hidden Items**: Reveal hidden tabs, sections, controls

### 4. Show Logical Names
- Display logical names instead of display names
- Works on tabs, sections, fields
- Shows OptionSet values with IDs

### 5. Dirty Fields Detector
- Identifies modified fields on forms
- Shows both display and logical names

### 6. User Security Management

#### Copy Security
- Side-by-side user comparison
- One-click security profile copying
- Copies Business Unit, Teams, and Roles

#### Assign Security
- Change Business Unit
- Add/Remove Teams (Owner/Access types)
- Add/Remove Security Roles
- Granular control with checkboxes

### 7. Date Calculator
- Calculate business days between dates
- Add days to a date (excluding weekends/holidays)
- Holiday schedule integration
- Interactive calendar view

## 🔧 Installation

### Option 1: Bookmarklet
1. Create a new bookmark in your browser
2. Paste the following as the URL:
```javascript
javascript:(function(){var s=document.createElement('script');s.src='https://atisehat.github.io/AdminPlus/CRMDevTools.js';document.body.appendChild(s);})();
```
3. Click the bookmark while on a Dynamics 365 page

### Option 2: Browser Console
1. Open Developer Console (F12)
2. Paste the following and press Enter:
```javascript
var s=document.createElement('script');s.src='https://atisehat.github.io/AdminPlus/CRMDevTools.js';document.body.appendChild(s);
```

## 🔐 Security

- Only accessible to System Administrators
- Additional user whitelist support
- Prevents users from modifying their own security

## 🛠️ Technical Details

**Technologies:**
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Dynamics 365 Web API (v9.2)
- Xrm.WebApi / Xrm.Page APIs
- FetchXML for queries
- Pure CSS (no frameworks)

**Architecture:**
- Modular design with separated concerns
- Async/await for API calls
- Event-driven popup system
- Dynamic script loading

## 📝 Development

### File Organization
- **utils/**: Reusable functions shared across tools
- **tools/**: Individual feature implementations
- **styles/**: Separated CSS for maintainability

### Adding a New Tool
1. Create new file in `tools/` directory
2. Add tool-specific CSS to `styles/tools.css`
3. Load script in `CRMDevTools.js`
4. Add button/menu item in main popup
5. Update version in `version.js` (minor bump)
6. Document in `CHANGELOG.md`

### Updating Version
See [UPDATE_VERSION.md](UPDATE_VERSION.md) for detailed instructions on version management.

## 📄 License

Internal use only - VHA Organization

## 👤 Author

Atiq Sehat
